Docs: Add note that referenced snapshots won't be removed by expire_snapshots procedure (#8224)
apache/iceberg: docs/spark-procedures.md

| `snapshot_ids` |   | array of long       | Array of snapshot IDs to expire. |

If `older_than` and `retain_last` are omitted, the table's [expiration properties](../configuration/#table-behavior-properties) will be used.

> Snapshots that are still referenced by branches or tags won't be removed. By default, branches and tags never expire, which can be changed with table properties `history.expire.max-ref-age-ms`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Snapshots that are still referenced by branches or tags won't be removed. By default, branches and tags never expire, but their retention policy can be changed with the table property `history.expire.max-ref-age-ms`. The `main` branch never expires.
```
